# Content
---
- Dataset  
    - Ground Truth Dataset
    - Force-Directed Dataset  

- Installation requirements  
    - Library

- 6.1 Node Identifier Matching
    - Hole Detection (output image)
    - Hole Detection (output nodes)
    - Node Identifier Matching  
    
- 6.2 Hole Count Statistics  
    - Count Number of Hole
    - Calculate Standard Deviation 

---
<br>

# Dataset
---
### Ground Truth Dataset  
All the dataset in our application is generated by CNCAHNetGenerator
There are some parameters can input, you can get a sensor networkafter **"Start Generator"**. Then click **"Export"** you will get a text file of the sensor network.  

CNCAHNetGenerator  
http://eric.lostcity-studio.com/system-design/cncahnetgenerator-cncah-network-generator/

### Force-Directed Dataset
The input of the force-directed algorithm is the ground truth sensor network. We used 10 force-directed algorithms to generate our experiment dataset. The format of the files is the same as ground truth.  

##### You can download the dataset below:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XRCJY0dodz932A2Kynlm3GJNu-cv2vdO/edit **(within Ground truth dataset)**  
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q_f6r7ihGPq2pcnLhQLKZl1ynAXRENwQ/edit  
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q1ykn7R_orQvvDplbiqQ2kXVIgJxGwd0/edit  
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rCqSkBhN4yjBZCltMAfFcx_XLuaTKktH/view
    
<br>

# Installation requirements  
---
### Python 
Python 3.7 or later  
Offical website: https://www.python.org/

### OpenCV
OpenCV-python-4.2.0.32 or later  
Offical website: https://opencv.org/

**After installing Python and OpenCV, the program can run successfully.**

<br>
# 6.1 Node Identifier Matching
---
## Hole Detection (Output image)         

    Hole_detection_output_image_with_hole.py
    
This is a python program that performing hole detection by Contour Tracing Algorithm.  
Input is a sensor network that include node coordinate and node connection.  
Output is a hole-marked image after Contour Tracing Algorithm.

##### Command:  
    
    py Hole_detection_output_image_with_hole.py [input_path] [output_path]  

##### Example:

    py Hole_detection_output_image_with_hole.py "data_1" "result_img.png"
    


## Hole Detection (Output Nodes of Holes)


    Hole_detection_output_node_id.py
    
This is a python program that performing hole detection by Contour Tracing Algorithm.  
Input is a sensor network that include node coordinate and node connection.  
Output is a text file that include all the nodes of holes in the input sensor network after Contour Tracing Algorithm.

##### Command:  
    
    py Hole_detection_output_node_id.py [input_path] [output_path]  

##### Example:

    py Hole_detection_output_image_with_hole.py "n=500d=6" "result_hole.txt"

## Node Identifier Matching

    Node_identifier_matching.py
    
This python program is for calculating the Accuracy and Recall of the holes nodes between holes ground truth and the layout of force-directed algorithm.  
Inputs are the holes nodes of ground truth file and the holes nodes of the layout of Forced-Directed Algorithm holes nodes.  
Output is a text file include Accuracy and Recall. 

##### Command:  
    
    py Hole_detection_output_image_with_hole.py [ground_truth_path] [Force-directed_layout_path] [output_path]  

##### Example:

    py Hole_detection_output_image_with_hole.py "ground_truth_hole.txt" "FD_hole.txt" "result_acc_recall.txt"  

<br>

# 6.2 Hole Count Statistics
---

## Count Number of Hole  

    Count_number_hole.py

This is a python program for counting the number of hole in sensor network of experiment dataset.
Input is the output from **Hole_detection_output_node_id.py**, need a whole file includes 20 combinations in 10 Force-Directed Algorithm.  
Output is a folder includes all hole count of 10 Force-Directed Algorithm in 20 combinations.

##### Command:  
    
    py Count_number_hole.py [input_path] [output_path]  

##### Example:

    py Count_number_hole.py "Result of node id_folder" "Result of number of hole_folder"  
    
## Calculate Standard Deviation  

    Calculate_std.py
    
This program is for calculating the standard deviation of hole count in sensor network of experiment dataset.  
Input is the ouput from **Count_number_hole.py**, need a whole file include all hole count of 10 Force-Directed Algorithm in 20 combinations.
Output is a folder includes the standard deviation, mean, maximum, minimum for the result of holes.  

##### Command:  
    
    py Calculate_std.py [input_path] [output_path]  

##### Example:

    py Count_number_hole.py "Result of number of hole_folder" "Result of STD_folder"  
    